## Primary life cycle processes

### 1: Acquisition process
This process starts with the definition of the need to acquire a system, software product or service. The list of activities include:

1. Initiation
2. Request for proposal [-tender] preparation
3. Contract preparation
4. Supplier monitoring
5. Acceptance and completion

### 2: Supply process
The process may be initiated either by a decision to prepare a proposal to answer an acquirer's request for proposal or by signing and entering into a contract with the acquirer to provide the system, softwre product and software service. The list of activities include:

1. Initiation
2. Preparation of response
3. Contract
4. Planning
5. Execution and Control
6. Review and evaluation
7. Delivery nd completion

### 3: Development process
This phase contains activities and tasks of the developer. Activities include:

1. Process implementation
2. System requirements analysis
3. System architectural design
4. Software requirements analysis
5. Software architectural design
6. Software detailed design
7. Software coding and testing
8. Software Integration
9. Software qualification testing
10. System integration
11. System qualification testing
12. Software installation
13. Software acceptance support

### 4: Operation process
This contains the activities and tasks for the operator. The process covers the operaton of the software product and operational support to users.

1. Process implementation
2. Operational testing
3. System operation
4. User support

### 5: Maintenance process
This phase contains the activities and tasks of the maintainer. This is activsted when the software product undergoes modifications to code and associated socumentation due to a problem or the need for improevement or adaptation. Activities include:

1. Process implementation
2. Problem and modification analysis
3. Modification implementation
4. Maintenance review/acceptance
5. Migration
6. Software retirement 

## Supporting process
The activities in this phase include:

1. Documentation process
2. Configuration management process
3. Quality assurance process
4. Verification process
5. Validation process
6. Joint review process
7. Audit process
8. Problem resolution process

## Orgamizational Life cycle processes
The activities includes:

1. Management process
2. Infrastructure process
3. Improvement process
4. Training process

